{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}{\s16\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \f5\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext17 Topic;}}{\info{\author Unknown}{\operator Unknown}{\creatim\yr1998\mo3\dy17\hr22\min54}
{\revtim\yr1998\mo3\dy17\hr22\min54}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords798}{\nofchars4551}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \f5\cf2 {\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_GENERAL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}
 general options}}{\fs16\cf1  }{\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} General Options}}{\fs16\cf1  
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\b\cf1 General Options
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b\f2\fs18 
\par Save toolbars state
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab When this box is checked, the toolbars size and position will be saved and restored the next time you start LeoCAD.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Save window position
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab When this box is checked, the window size and position will be saved and restored the next time you start LeoCAD.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\b\f2\fs18 
\par Print step numbers
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Print numbers indicating the current step
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Use brighter colors}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab -
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Hide sub-parts
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Hides the parts that begin with a tilde (~) from the parts list.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Show part numbers
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Makes the parts numbers visible on the parts list
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Show part preview
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Show/hide the part preview window
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Zoom part preview
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Automatically zooms the part preview to fit the part displayed
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Sort parts by group
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab -
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Show brick ComboBox
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab -
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \f5\cf2 \page {\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_DETAIL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} detail level}}{\fs16\cf1  }{
\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Detail Dialog}}{\fs16\cf1  
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\b\cf1 Detail Dialog
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b\f2\fs18 
\par Draw backfaces
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab When this box is not checked, only polygons that are facing the view will be drawn.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Wireframe
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Draw a simple wireframe version of the bricks.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Draw studs
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Tells LeoCAD to draw or ignore the studs on the bricks.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Draw studs
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Draws a box instead of studs. When checked, there\rquote s a speed increase of about 35%.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 Use clear colors
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab When this box is unchecked, transparent (clear) colors are replaced by their opaque version. Transparent colors are slower to render than opaque colors.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Brick edges
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Draws a thin border around the bricks. If you want to print instructions for a project, turn brick edges on and lighting and smooth shading off.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Dithering}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Turns dithering on/off, will only make a significant difference on 8-bit displays.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Depth test
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab If enabled, do depth comparisons that are used when one polygon is overlapping another one.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Lighting
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab If enabled, use the current lighting parameters to compute the color of each vertex.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Smooth shading
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Smooth shading, the default, causes the computed colors of vertices to be int
erpolated as each face of the object is rasterized, typically assigning different colors to each resulting pixel fragment. Flat shading selects the computed color of just one vertex and assigns it to all the pixel fragments generated for each face.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Anti-aliasing
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab If enabled, draw polygons with proper filtering, otherwise, draw aliased polygons. This option should only be used by computers with 3D hardware or for saving a bitmap, as it drastically reduces the frame rate.

\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 Line width
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Specifies the width of the lines used.
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\b\f2\fs18 Filled boxes}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Draws solid boxes instead of only the edges.
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\b\f2\fs18 Remove hidden lines}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Removes lines that shouldn\rquote t be visible.
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \f5\cf2 \page {\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_GRID}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} drawing aids}}{\fs16\cf1  }{
\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Drawing Aids Dialog}}{\fs16\cf1  
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\b\cf1 Drawing Aids Dialog
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b\f2\fs18 
\par Base grid
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Draws a grid on the base with spaces of one brick wide on the XY plane.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Show axis
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Show the direction of the axis.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Snap X / Y / Z
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Only allows movement of parts on the X and Y direction on half brick wide increments, and on the Z on flat brick height steps.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Collision check
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Checks bricks for collision when they are moved or rotated.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Move after insert
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Automatically changes the mouse mode to \lquote move\rquote  after inserting a part.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Lock X / Y / Z
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Disable movement and rotation of bricks on the selected direction.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Angle snap
\par }{\f2\fs18 \tab Only rotate bricks on the given amount of degrees.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Keys move on fixed axis}{\f2\fs18 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Makes the left and right keys always move the selected brick along X axis, and the up and down key move the on the Y axis.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \f5\cf2 \page {\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_EFFECTS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} scene configuration}}{
\fs16\cf1  }{\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Scene Dialog}}{\fs16\cf1  
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\b\cf1 Scene Dialog
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b\f2\fs18 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2 Fog Options:
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 
\par Enable:
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Turns fog on/off.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Density}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Fog density, from 0 to 100.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Color}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Fog color.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Use Background}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Use the same color used for the background.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\b\f2 Background Options:}{\f2\fs18 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 Bitmap
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Select a windows bitmap file to be used as the background. The checkbox enable/disable the use of the bitmap.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Color}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Choose the background color.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Tile}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Repeat the bitmap when the box is checked, otherwise it will be stretched to fit the entire viewport.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Fast}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Do not draw the background when drawing only boxes.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \f5\cf2 {\f2\fs18 \page }{\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_VIEWPOINT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} viewpoint}}{
\fs16\cf1  }{\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Viewpoint Dialog}}{\fs16\cf1  
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\b\cf1 Camera Dialog
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b\f2\fs18 
\par Position
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Eye position.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Look At}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Point to look.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Name}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Camera name.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 Near/Far Z}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab Front and back clipping planes.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs18 FOV}{\f2\fs18 
\par \tab -
\par 
\par Note: The Z direction is the height, always pointing up.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \f5\cf2 {\f2\fs18 \page }{\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_ARRAY}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} array}}{\fs16\cf1 
 }{\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Array Dialog}}{\fs16\cf1  
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\b\cf1 Array Dialog
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b\f2\fs18 
\par Move
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Distance between pieces.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 Rotate
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Angle between pieces.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 Total in array
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Total number of pieces (or groups of pieces) in the array. Must be greater than 1 or the command won\rquote t have any effect.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \f5\cf2 {\f2\fs18 \page }{\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_EXPORTPOV}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} POV-Ray}}{
\fs16\cf1  }{\cs15\fs16\cf1\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Export to POV-Ray Dialog}}{\fs16\cf1  
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\b\cf1 Export to POV-Ray Dialog
\par }\pard \s17\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar {\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\b\f2\fs18 
\par L2P Executable
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Location of the file L2P.EXE, for example \ldblquote C:\\LGEO\\L2P.EXE\rdblquote 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 POV-Ray Executable
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Location of PVENGINE.EXE, like for example \ldblquote C:\\POV-RAY\\BIN\\PVENGINE.EXE\rdblquote 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 Output file
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Name of the file created by LeoCAD. Two files will be created, one with the .POV extension that contains camera and light information, and another with the .INC extension that has the actual model.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 Render Scene
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab Call POV-Ray to render the file after conversion.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2\fs18 Notes:
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab To be able to export a file you will need to have the LGEO library and the L2P program correctly installed on your computer, both can be downloaded from Lutz Uhlmann\rquote s homepage at 
http://titan.informatik.uni-bonn.de/~uhlmann/ and obviously you will also need to have the POV-Ray renderer, you can get it from http://www.povray.org
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab After LeoCAD exports your project, you should edit the .POV file created and add more lights, change the background or move the camera around. The file that is created is a good start for those things, but if you 
really want to have a good image you should make some changes yourself.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 \tab The LGEO library does not have as much parts as LeoCAD does, but you will be able to correctly render most models with it. I have only tried to convert files with L2P 0.5 and POV-Ray 3.0, I don\rquote 
t know if it will work with older versions.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360 {\f2\fs18 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par }