.TH LEOCAD 1 "20 July 2000"
.\" NAME should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.SH NAME
LeoCAD \- CAD program for LEGO models.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIleocad \fR[\fI infile \fR[ \-i \fR[\fI outfile.ext \fR]\fI \fR[\fI\-w x\fR]\fI \fR[\fI\-h y\fR] ] \fR] [\fI\-l path\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fILeoCAD \fR is a CAD program for creating virtual LEGO models. It
has an easy to use interface and includes thousands of different
parts in its library.

.SH OPTIONS
Below is a summary of all of the options that \fILeoCAD\fR
accepts. Most options have two equivalent names, one of
which is a single letter preceded by -, and the other of
which is a long name preceded by --. Brackets ([ and ])
indicate that an option takes an optional argument.

.TP
.B infile
Loads the project file \fIinfile\fR

.TP
.BI "\-i [" outfile.ext ]
.ns
.TP
.BI "\-\-image [" outfile.ext ]
Saves a picture to \fIoutfile.ext \fR in the image format specified
by \fIext\fR and exits. If outfile is not given then the program will
use a name based on \fIinfile\fR. The file format is selected by \fIext\fR
and can be gif, bmp, png or jpg (if \fIext\fR is not present then the
default preferences format will be used).

.TP
.BI "\-w "width
.ns
.TP
.BI "\-\-width "width
Sets the width of the picture to \fIwidth\fR.

.TP
.BI "\-h "height
.ns
.TP
.BI "\-\-height "height
Sets the height of the picture to \fIheight\fR.

.TP
.BI "\-f "time
.ns
.TP
.BI "\-\-from "time
Start saving pictures at the step \fItime\fR.

.TP
.BI "\-t "time
.ns
.TP
.BI "\-\-to "time
Save pictures until the step \fItime\fR.

.TP
.B \-\-highlight
Adds a border around the pieces in the step they appear when saving pictures.

.TP
.BI "\-l "path
.ns
.TP
.BI "\-\-libpath "path
Use alternate parts library found in \fIpath \fR.  The Debian version
of \fILeoCAD \fRuses /usr/share/leocad/ as the default.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
``LEOCAD_LIB'' may be set to the path of the parts library.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
 $ leocad car.lcd \-i car.png \-w 640 \-h 480
.PP
This will start LeoCAD, load the file "car.lcd," create a png called
"car.png" with a resolution of 640x480 and exit when done.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/LeoCAD Software/LeoCAD.conf
User preferences file

.SH BUGS
If you find any bugs please report them at http://leocad.org/trac/newticket

.SH AUTHOR
\fILeoCAD \fRis written by Leonardo Zide <leozide@gmail.com>.
You can visit the LeoCAD homepage at http://www.leocad.org/

This manual page was written by Patrick Mahoney <pat7@gmx.net>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).

