{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}

#{\footnote HIDC_POVDLG_LGEO}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Complete path to the LGEO library (optional).
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_POVDLG_OUTPOV}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Output file in POV-Ray format.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_POVDLG_POVRAY}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Path to the POV-Ray executable.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_POVDLG_RENDER}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Check this box to call POV-Ray and render the file.
\par\page



#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_CC}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Sets the number of columns that will be printed on each page of the pieces catalog.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_CR}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Sets the number of rows that will be printed on each page of the pieces catalog.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_IC}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Sets the number of columns that will be printed on each page of the instructions.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_IR}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Sets the number of rows that will be printed on each page of the instructions.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_FOOTER}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Enables you to print information at the bottom of each page. To customize the footer, use the letter combinations in the following table.\par
\trgaph180\trleft-360 \cellx2880\cellx4320\intbl
{\b To\cell Type\cell \row }\intbl 
Insert the open file's name or "(untitled)" if the file has no name\cell {\b &F}\cell \row \intbl
Insert the date\cell {\b &D}\cell \row \intbl
Insert the time specified by your computer's clock\cell {\b &T}\cell \row \intbl
Insert page numbers\cell {\b &P}\cell \row \intbl
Insert the name of the author of the project\cell {\b &A}\cell \row \intbl
Insert the project description\cell {\b &N}\cell \row \intbl
Insert an ampersand (&) character\cell {\b &&}\cell \row \intbl
Align the footer to the left, center, or right\cell {\b &L, &C, or &R}\cell \row 
\trowd\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_HEADER}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Enables you to print information at the top of each page. To customize the header, use the letter combinations in the following table.\par
\trgaph180\trleft-360 \cellx2880\cellx4320\intbl
{\b To\cell Type\cell \row}\intbl 
Insert the open file's name or "(untitled)" if the file has no name\cell {\b &F}\cell \row \intbl
Insert the date\cell {\b &D}\cell \row \intbl
Insert the time specified by your computer's clock\cell {\b &T}\cell \row \intbl
Insert page numbers\cell {\b &P}\cell \row \intbl
Insert the name of the author of the project\cell {\b &A}\cell \row \intbl
Insert the project description\cell {\b &N}\cell \row \intbl
Insert an ampersand (&) character\cell {\b &&}\cell \row \intbl
Align the header to the left, center, or right\cell {\b &L, &C, or &R}\cell \row 
\trowd\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_MB}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Provides a space for you to specify the width, in inches, of the bottom margin on every printed page.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_ML}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Provides a space for you to specify the width, in inches, of the left margin on every printed page.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_MR}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Provides a space for you to specify the width, in inches, of the right margin on every printed page.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_PRINT_MT}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250 
Provides a space for you to specify the width, in inches, of the top margin on every printed page.
\par\page



#{\footnote HIDC_SAVEDLG_PREVIEW}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Check this box to save information that will allow you to preview a file before opening it (increases saved file size by about 30 Kb).
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_SAVEDLG_INTERLACED}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Save intelaced (progressive) GIFs or JPEGs to be used on web pages.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_SAVEDLG_TRANSPARENT}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Save transparent GIFs.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_SAVEDLG_WALLPAPER}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Save a BMP file and set it the current Windows wallpaper.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_SAVEDLG_WIDTH}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Select the width of the saved image.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_SAVEDLG_HEIGHT}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Select the height of the saved image.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_SAVEDLG_QUALITY}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Select the quality of a JPEG file, choose a value from 0 (lowest) to 100 (highest).
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_OPENDLG_BITMAP}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Displays a preview of the selected file if it was saved.
\par\page

#{\footnote HIDC_OPENDLG_PREVIEWBOX}
\f0\fs8\cf0\sl250
Check this box to enable loading a preview of the selected file.
\par\page


}
