{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\nowidctlpar \b \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\nowidctlpar \ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\nowidctlpar \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 
heading 5;}{\s6\li720\nowidctlpar \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 
heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\nowidctlpar \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li720\nowidctlpar \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Normal Indent;}{
\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext19 j;}{\s20\li480\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 ij;}{\s21\sb80\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 btb;}{
\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctcb;}{\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120\nowidctlpar \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext24 TT;}{\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext25 crtj;}{\s26\fi-240\li480\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 Hf;}{\s29\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\nowidctlpar\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 c;}{\s32\li2160\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext33 it;}{\s34\li480\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 nsct;}{\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext36 HC2;}{\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\nowidctlpar\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext39 crt;}{
\s40\li480\sb20\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f7 
\sbasedon3\snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1915 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 Tph;}{
\s47\li115\sb120\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\title AFXCORE}{\subject MFC Core RTF Help}{\author Leonardo Mansour Zide}{\operator Leonardo Mansour Zide}
{\creatim\yr1997\mo10\dy2\hr22\min15}{\revtim\yr1997\mo10\dy3\hr16\min40}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages47}{\nofwords2059}{\nofchars11741}{\*\company  }{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex576\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212 \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl \fs20 {\f2\uldb Undo}{\v\f2 HID_EDIT_UNDO}{\f2 \cell 
Reverse previous editing operation.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Cut}{\v\f2 HID_EDIT_CUT}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 
Deletes data from the document and moves it to the clipboard.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Copy}{\v\f2 HID_EDIT_COPY}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Copies data from the document to the clipboard.\cell 
}\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Paste}{\v\f2 HID_EDIT_PASTE}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Pastes data from the clipboard into the document.\cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \tab \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} menu_view}}{\b\f2 View menu commands}{\f2 
\par 
\par The View menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1272\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Toolbar}{\v\f2 HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Shows or hides the toolbar.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 
\cellx1272\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Status Bar}{\v\f2 HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Shows or hides the status bar.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} menu_window}}{\b\f2 
Window menu commands}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Window menu offers the following commands, which enable you to arrange multiple views of multiple documents in the application window:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1572\cellx7752 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Split}{\v\f2 HID_WINDOW_SPLIT}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Split the active window into panes.\cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page  
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Help Topics}{\v\f2 HID_HELP_INDEX}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 
Offers you an index to topics on which you can get help.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb About}{\v\f2 HID_APP_ABOUT}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard 
\fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Displays the version number of this application.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FILEOPEN}}{\b\f2 File Open dialog box
\par }{\f2 
\par The following options allow you to specify which file to open:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 File Name
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Type or select the filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 List Files of Type
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the type of file you want to open:
\par << List your application's file types here. >>
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Drives
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the drive in which <<YourApp>> stores the file that you want to open. 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Directories
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the directory in which <<YourApp>> stores the file that you want to open.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Network...
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. 
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_CLOSE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files: managing}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File Close command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Close command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to close all windows containing the active document.  <<YourApp>> suggests that you save changes to your document before you close it.  If you close a document without saving, you lose all changes made since the last time you saved it.  B
efore closing an untitled document, <<YourApp>> displays the }{\f2\uldb Save As dialog box}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\f2  and suggests that you name and save the document.
\par 
\par You can also close a document by using the Close icon on the document's window, as shown below:
\par \{bml scmenu.bmp\}
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}}{\b\f2 File Save As dialog box
\par }{\f2 
\par The following options allow you to specify the name and location of the file you're about to save:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 File Name
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Type a new filename to save a document with a different name.  A filename can contain up to eight characters and an extension of up to three characters.  <<YourApp>>
 adds the extension you specify in the Save File As Type box.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Drives
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the drive in which you want to store the document.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Directories
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the directory in which you want to store the document.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Network...
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. 
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 << Add other File Save As dialog box options depending on which ones your application chooses via the OFN_ flags of the OPENFILENAME structure used by the CFileDialog. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_MRU_FILE1}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files: managing}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File 1, 2, 3, 4 command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 1, 2, 3, 4 command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use the numbers and filenames listed at the bottom of the File menu to open the last four documents you closed.  Choose the number that corresponds with the document you want to open.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_APP_EXIT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} exit}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File Exit command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Exit command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to end your LeoCAD session.  You can also use the Close command on the application Control menu. LeoCAD prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.
\par }
\par {\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Double-click the application's Control menu button.
\par \tab \{bmc appexit.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F4
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \page {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_UNDO}}{\b\f2 Undo/Can't Undo command (Edit menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par << Your application's user interface for Undo may differ from the one described below.  Modify this help text accordingly. >>
\par 
\par Use this command to reverse the last editing action, if possible.   The name of the command changes, depending on what the last action was.  The Undo command changes to Can't Undo on the menu if you cannot reverse your last action.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editundo.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+Z or
\par \tab ALT-BACKSPACE\tab 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_REDO}}{\b\f2 Redo command (Edit menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_CUT}}{\b\f2 Cut command (Edit menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to remove the currently selected bricks from the document and put it on the clipboard.  This command is unavailable if there is no data currently selected.
\par 
\par Cutting data to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editcut.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+X
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_COPY}}{\b\f2 Copy command (Edit menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to copy selected bricks onto the clipboard.  This command is unavailable if there is no brick currently selected.
\par 
\par Copying bricks to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editcopy.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+C
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_PASTE}}{\b\f2 Paste command (Edit menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to insert a copy of the clipboard contents at the insertion point.  This command is unavailable if the clipboard is empty.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editpast.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+V
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} toolbar}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 
{\cs15\fs16\up6 $} View Toolbar command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Toolbar command (View menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Toolbar, which includes buttons for some of the most common commands in <<YourApp>>, such as File Open.  A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Toolbar is displayed.
\par 
\par See }{\f2\uldb Toolbar}{\v\f2 AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}{\f2  for help on using the toolbar.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} toolbar}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 
{\cs15\fs16\up6 $} toolbar}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Toolbar}{\f2 
\par \{bml hlptbar.bmp\}
\par 
\par The toolbar is displayed across the top of the application window, below the menu bar.  The toolbar provides quick mouse access to many tools used in <<YourApp>>,
\par 
\par To hide or display the Toolbar, choose Toolbar from the View menu (ALT, V, T).
\par 
\par << Add or remove toolbar buttons from the list below according to which ones your application offers. >>
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1080 {\b\f2 Click\tab To}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1080 {\f2 \{bmc filenew.bmp\}\tab Open a new document.
\par 
\par \{bmc fileopen.bmp\}\tab Open an existing document.  <<YourApp>> displays the Open dialog box, in which you can locate and open the desired file.
\par 
\par \{bmc filesave.bmp\}\tab Save the active document or template with its current name.  If you have not named the document, <<YourApp>> displays the Save As dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc fileprnt.bmp\}\tab Print the active document.
\par 
\par \{bmc editcut.bmp\}\tab Remove selected data from the document and stores it on the clipboard.
\par 
\par \{bmc editcopy.bmp\}\tab Copy the selection to the clipboard.
\par 
\par \{bmc editpast.bmp\}\tab Insert the contents of the clipboard at the insertion point.
\par 
\par \{bmc editundo.bmp\}\tab Reverse the last editing.  Note:  You cannot undo some actions.
\par 
\par \{bmc recfirst.bmp\}\tab Go to the first record in the current selection.
\par 
\par \{bmc recprev.bmp\}\tab Go to the previous record in the current selection.
\par 
\par \{bmc recnext.bmp\}\tab Go to the next record in the current selection.
\par 
\par \{bmc reclast.bmp\}\tab Go to the last record in the current selection.
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} status bar}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} View Status Bar Command}}{\b\f2 Status Bar command (View menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Status Bar, which describes the action to be executed by the selected menu item or depressed toolbar button, and keyboard latch state. A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Status Bar is displayed.

\par 
\par See }{\f2\uldb Status Bar}{\v\f2 status_bar}{\f2  for help on using the status bar.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_SPLIT}}{\b\f2 Split Command (Window menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 Use this command to split the active window into panes.  You may then use the mouse or the keyboard arrows to move the splitter bars.  When you are 
finished, press the mouse button or enter to leave the splitter bars in their new location.  Pressing escape keeps the splitter bars in their original location.  << In a single document interface application, this command will appear on the View menu. >> 

\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HELP_USING}}{\b\f2 Using Help command (Help menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command for instructions about using Help.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_CONTEXT_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Help Using Help Command}}{\b\f2 Context Help command 
\par }{\f2 \{bml curhelp.bmp\}
\par 
\par Use the Context Help command to obtain help on some portion of <<YourApp>>.  When you choose the Toolbar's Context Help button, the mouse pointer will change to an arrow and question mark.  Then click somewhere in the <<YourApp>> window, such as another T
oolbar button.  The Help topic will be shown for the item you clicked.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab SHIFT+F1
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HT_CAPTION}}{\b\f2 Title Bar}
\par 
\par {\f2 \{bmc titlebar.bmp\}
\par << Show your application's title bar here. >>
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s42\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 The title bar is located along the top of a window.  It contains the name of the application and document.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 
\par }\pard\plain \s42\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 To move the window, drag the title bar.  Note: You can also move dialog boxes by dragging their title bars.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 {\f2 A title bar may contain the following elements:
\par }\pard\plain \s41\fi-360\li360\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Application Control-menu button
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Document Control-menu button
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Maximize button
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Minimize button
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Name of the application
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Name of the document
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Restore button
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} scrollbars}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Scroll bars}{\f2 
\par 
\par Displayed at the right and bottom edges of the document window.  The scroll boxes inside the scroll bars indicate your vertical and horizontal location in the document.  You can use the mouse to scroll to other parts of the document.
\par 
\par << Describe the actions of the various parts of the scrollbar, according to how they behave in your application. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_SIZE}}{\b\f2 Size command (System menu)}
\par 
\par {\f2 Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can size the active window with the arrow keys.
\par \{bml curarw4.bmp\}
\par 
\par After the pointer changes to the four-headed arrow:
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 1.\tab Press one of the DIRECTION keys (left, right, up, or down arrow key) to move the pointer to the border you want to move.  
\par 2.\tab Press a DIRECTION key to move the border.
\par 3.\tab Press ENTER when the window is the size you want.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.
\par }
\par {\b\f2 Shortcut}{\b 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Drag the size bars at the corners or edges of the window.
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MOVE}}{\b\f2 Move command (Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can move the active window or dialog box with the arrow keys.
\par \{bmc curarw4.bmp\}
\par 
\par Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+F7
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MINIMIZE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} System Minimize Command}
}{\b\f2 Minimize command (application Control menu)
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Use this command to reduce the <<YourApp>> window to an icon.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Click the minimize icon \{bmc scmin.bmp\} on the title bar.
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F9
\par }\pard \fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\par \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MAXIMIZE}}{\b\f2 Maximize command (System menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to enlarge the active window to fill the available space.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 
\par Shortcut}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Click the maximize icon \{bmc scmax.bmp\} on the title bar; or double-click the title bar.
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+F10 enlarges a document window.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\par \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_NEXTWINDOW}}{\b\f2 Next Window command (document Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to switch to the next open document window.  <<YourApp>> determines which window is next according to the order in which you opened the windows.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+F6
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_PREVWINDOW}}{\b\f2 Previous Window command (document Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to switch to the previous open document window.  <<YourApp>> determines which window is previous according to the order in which you opened the windows.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab SHIFT+CTRL+F6
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_CLOSE}}{\b\f2 Close command (Control menus)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to close the active window or dialog box.
\par 
\par Double-clicking a Control-menu box is the same as choosing the Close command.
\par \{bml appexit.bmp\}
\par 
\par Note:  If you have multiple windows open for a single document, the Close command on the document Control menu closes only one window at a time.  You can close all windows at once with the Close command on the File menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys: \tab CTRL+F4 closes a document window
\par \tab ALT+F4 closes the <<YourType>> window or dialog box
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \tab \tab \tab \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_RESTORE}}{\b\f2 Restore command (Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to return the active window to its size and position before you chose the Maximize or Minimize command.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_TASKLIST}}{\b\f2 Switch to command (application Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display a list of all open applications.  Use this "Task List" to switch to or close an application on the list.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+ESC
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Dialog Box Options
\par }{\f2 When you choose the Switch To command, you will be presented with a dialog box with the following options:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Task List
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the application you want to switch to or close.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Switch To
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Makes the selected application active.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 End Task
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Closes the selected application.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Cancel
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Closes the Task List box.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Cascade
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges open applications so they overlap and you can see each title bar.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Tile
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges open applications into windows that do not overlap.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Arrange Icons
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges the icons of all minimized applications across the bottom of the screen.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_RULER}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} View Ruler Command}}{\b\f2 
Ruler command (View menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FONT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Choose Font Dialog}}{\b\f2 Choose Font dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_COLOR}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Choose Color Dialog}}{\b\f2 Choose Color dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_FIND}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Find Command}}{\b\f2 Find command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FIND}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Find Dialog}}{\b\f2 Find dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_REPLACE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Replace Command}}{\b\f2 Replace command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_REPLACE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Replace Dialog}}{\b\f2 Replace dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_REPEAT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Repeat Command}}{\b\f2 Repeat command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 Use this command to repeat the last editing command carried out.  The Repeat menu item changes to Can't Repeat if you cannot repeat your last action.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Key:\tab F4
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_CLEAR}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Clear Command}}{\b\f2 Clear command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_CLEAR_ALL}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Clear All}}{\b\f2 Clear All command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NEXT_PANE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Next Pane Command}}{\b\f2 Next Pane
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_PREV_PANE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Prev Pane Command}}{\b\f2 Prev Pane
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDR_DOC1TYPE}}{\b\f2 Modifying the Document
\par }{\f2 
\par << Write application-specific help here that provides an overview of how the user should modify a document using your application.  
\par 
\par If your application supports multiple document types and you want to have a distinct help topic for each, then use the help context i.d. generated by running the MAKEHELP.BAT file produced by AppWizard.  Alternatively, run MAKEHM as follows:
\par 
\par \tab makehm IDR_HIDR_,0x2000 resource.h
\par 
\par If the IDR_ symbol for one of your document types is, for example, IDR_CHARTTYPE, then the help context i.d. generated by MAKEHM will be HIDR_CHARTTYPE.
\par 
\par Note, AppWizard defines the HIDR_DOC1TYPE help context i.d. used by this help topic for the first document type supported
 by your application.  AppWizard produces an alias in the .HPJ file for your application, mapping HIDR_DOC1TYPE to the HIDR_ produced by MAKEHM for that document type. >>
\par 
\par \page 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HT_NOWHERE}}{\b\f2 No Help Available}
\par 
\par {\f2 No help is available for this area of the window.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDP_default
\par }}{\f2  }{\b\f2 No Help Available
\par }
\par {\f2 No help is available for this message box.
\par }
\par {\f2 << If you wish to author help specific to each message box prompt, then remove the AFX_HIDP_xxx values from the [ALIAS] section of your .HPJ file, and author a topi
c for each AFX_HIDP_xxx value.  For example, AFX_HIDP_INVALID_FILENAME is the help topic for the Invalid Filename message box. >>
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par }