.TH LEOCAD 1 "5 June 2021"
.\" NAME should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other params are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.SH NAME
LeoCAD \- CAD program for LEGO models.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fIleocad \fR[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fIINFILE\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fILeoCAD \fR is a CAD program for creating virtual LEGO models. It
has an easy to use interface and includes thousands of different
parts in its library.

.SH OPTIONS
Below is a summary of all of the options that \fILeoCAD\fR
accepts. Many options have two equivalent names, one of
which is a single letter preceded by -, and the other of
which is a long name preceded by --. Brackets ([ and ])
indicate that an option takes an optional parameter.

.TP
.B infile
Loads the project file \fIinfile\fR

.TP
\fB\-l \fIpath\fR, \fB\-\-libpath \fIpath
.br
Set the parts library location.

.TP
\fB\-i \fR[\fIoutfile.ext\fR], \fB\-\-image \fR[\fIoutfile.ext\fR]
.br
Saves a picture to \fIoutfile.ext \fR in the image format specified
by \fIext\fR and exits. If outfile is not given then the program will
use a name based on \fIinfile\fR. The file format is selected by \fIext\fR
and can be gif, bmp, png or jpg (if \fIext\fR is not present then the
default preferences format will be used).

.TP
\fB\-w \fIwidth\fR, \fB\-\-width \fIwidth
.br
Sets the width of the picture to \fIwidth\fR.

.TP
\fB\-h \fIheight\fR, \fB\-\-height \fIheight
.br
Sets the height of the picture to \fIheight\fR.

.TP
\fB\-f \fItime\fR, \fB\-\-from \fItime
.br
Start saving pictures at the step \fItime\fR. Steps start at 1.

.TP
\fB\-t \fItime\fR, \fB\-\-to \fItime
.br
Save pictures until the step \fItime\fR.

.TP
\fB\-s \fIsubmodel\fR, \fB\-\-submodel \fIsubmodel
.br
Sets the active submodel to \fIsubmodel\fR.

.TP
\fB\-c \fIcamera\fR, \fB\-\-camera \fIcamera
.br
Sets the active camera to \fIcamera\fR.

.TP
\fB\-ss \fIid\fR,\ \fB\-\-stud\-style\ \fIid
.br
Set the stud style. Valid values 0=Plain, 1=Thin Lines Logo, 2=Outline Logo, 3=Sharp Top Logo, 4=Rounded Top Logo, 5=Flattened Logo, 6=High Contrast, 7=High Contrast with Logo.

.TP
\fB\-\-viewpoint \fRfront\ |\ back\ |\ left\ |\ right\ |\ top\ |\ bottom\ |\ home
.br
Sets the viewpoint to one of the predefined view angles.

.TP
.BI "\-\-camera\-angles " latitude " " longitude
Set the camera angles in degrees around the model.

.TP
.BI "\-\-camera\-position " x " " y " " z "  " tx " " ty " " tz "  " ux " " uy " " uz
Set the camera position, target and up vector using the \fILeoCAD\fR coordinate system.

.TP
.BI "\-\-camera\-position-ldraw " x " " y " " z "  " tx " " ty " " tz "  " ux " " uy " " uz
Set the camera position, target and up vector using the \fILDraw\fR coordinate system.

.TP
.B \-\-orthographic
Use an orthographic projection.

.TP
.BI "\-\-fov " degrees
Set the vertical field of view used to render images.

.TP
.BI "\-\-zplanes " near " " far
Set the near and far clipping planes used to render images (1 <= \fInear\fR < \fIfar\fR).

.TP
.B \-\-fade\-steps
Render parts from prior steps faded.

.TP
.B \-\-no\-fade\-steps
Do not render parts from prior steps faded.

.TP
.BI "\-\-fade\-steps\-color " color
Color to use for rendering faded parts. (#AARRGGBB where AA, RR, GG, and BB are hexadecimal values for alpha, red, green, and blue respectively.)

.TP
.B \-\-highlight
Highlight parts in the steps they appear.

.TP
.B \-\-no\-highlight
Do not highlight parts in the steps they appear.

.TP
.BI "\-\-highlight\-color " color
Color to use to highlight parts, (#AARRGGBB where AA, RR, GG, and BB are hexadecimal values for alpha, red, green, and blue respectively.)

.TP
\fB\-\-shading \fRwireframe\ |\ flat\ |\ default\ |\ full
.br
Select shading mode for rendering.

.TP
.BI "\-\-line-width " width
Set the width of the edge lines.

.TP
.BI "\-\-aa\-samples " count
AntiAliasing sample size (1, 2, 4, or 8).

.TP
\fB\-scc \fI#AARRGGBB\fR,\ \fB\-\-stud\-cylinder\-color\ \fI#AARRGGBB
.br
High contrast stud cylinder color.

.TP
\fB\-ec \fI#AARRGGBB\fR,\ \fB\-\-edge\-color\ \fI#AARRGGBB
.br
High contrast edge color.

.TP
\fB\-bec \fI#AARRGGBB\fR,\ \fB\-\-black\-edge\-color\ \fI#AARRGGBB
.br
High contrast edge color for black parts.

.TP
\fB\-dec \fI#AARRGGBB\fR,\ \fB\-\-dark\-edge\-color\ \fI#AARRGGBB
.br
High contrast edge color for dark color parts.

.TP
\fB\-aec,\ \fB\-\-automate\-edge\-color
.br
Enable automatically adjusted edge colors.\

.TP
\fB\-cc \fIfloat\fR,\ \fB\-\-color\-contrast\ \ffloat
.br
Set the near and far clipping planes used to render images (1 <= \fInear\fR < \fIfar\fR).

.TP
\fB\-ldv \fIfloat\fR,\ \fB\-\-light\-dark\-value\ \ffloat
.br
Set the value to indicate a light or dark color.

.TP
\fB\-obj \fR[\fIoutfile.obj\fR]
.br
Exports the model to wavefront format.

.TP
\fB\-3ds \fR[\fIoutfile.3ds\fR]
.br
Exports the model to 3DS format.

.TP
\fB\-dae \fR[\fIoutfile.dae\fR]
.br
Exports the model to COLLADA DAE format.

.TP
\fB\-html \fR[\fIpath\fR]
.br
Creates an HTML page for the model.

.TP
.BR \-v ",\ " \-\-version
Output version information and exit.

.TP
.BR \-? ",\ " \-\-help
Display a brief usage synopsis and exit.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
``LEOCAD_LIB'' may be set to the path of the parts library.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
 $ leocad car.lcd \-i car.png \-w 640 \-h 480
.PP
This will start LeoCAD, load the file "car.lcd," create a png called
"car.png" with a resolution of 640x480 and exit when done.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/LeoCAD Software/LeoCAD.conf
User preferences file

.SH BUGS
If you find any bugs please report them at https://github.com/leozide/leocad/issues

.SH AUTHOR
\fILeoCAD \fRis written by Leonardo Zide <leozide@gmail.com>.
You can visit the LeoCAD homepage at https://www.leocad.org/

This manual page was originally written by Patrick Mahoney <pat7@gmx.net>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
It has since been edited by others.
